the Doha forum is where world leaders
talk politics security economic
cooperation technology and environmental
challenges but this year it's Gaza
dominating the agenda qatar's prime
minister criticize International
institutions for showing double
standards and failing to act he told the
Forum this crisis highlighted the great
gap between east and west and between
the various generations and highlighted
the double standards in the
International Community the world
actually was split between some who
called for putting an end to this war
and putting an end to the War Machine
and some who were hesitating to call
even for a ceasefire a top Arab
delegation has been in the United States
aiming to build consensus for a truth
but that moves been undermined by the US
veto on a un Security Council draft
resolution calling for an immediate
cease fire the situation is fast
deteriorating into a catastrophe with
potentially irreversible implications
for Palestinians as a whole and for
peace and Security in the region as the
US say credibility suffers huge damage
among Arabs and Muslims his arh rival
Russia is stepping in we strongly
condemned uh the terrorist attack
against Israel on the 7th of October
like we condemn any terrorist attack at
the same time time we do not believe
it's acceptable uh to use this this
event for Collective punishment of the
millions of Palestinian people for now
Israel insists it won't halt its
bombardment despite warnings from Key
Regional allies what we see in Gaza is
not simply uh the killing of of innocent
people the destruction of their of their
livelihoods but we are seeing uh a a
systematic uh effort it seems to empty
Gaza from its
people the Palestinian prime minister
said the only way out is a comprehensive
solution that would lead to the
establishment of a Palestinian State the
United States has never put together a
specific implementation mechanism of how
to achieve the two-state solution it is
not enough to talk about two State
solution the Doha Forum honored the work
of the un's refugee agency in Gaza it's
Chief Philip larini told the Gathering
an effective dehumanization of
Palestinians is why there's
International silence as Israel
continues its attacks the war in Gaza is
a test for international institutions it
has exposed what many perceive to be
Global failure to stop Israel's
Relentless bombardment and the killing
of women and children those here taking
part in the Doha Forum say the
international order should be reformed
so that those who feel abandoned have a
say hash Al jaaz Doha